Now there are some drawbacks
to doing this, one is,
it's all very hard to get working locally,
very hard to demo,
there's a lot of different
moving pieces involved.
The second thing is that,
both HTTP/2 and HTTP/3 require HTTPS,
require TLS encryption, which means
you're dealing with certificates,
which is always such a huge
pain in the ass to deal with,
setting up locally,
making sure you have a trusted cert.
I didn't wanna do any of that for this, so
we're gonna demo that in
a slightly different way.
UDP networking is hard if you
especially have a big company,
you need to open up special firewall rules
to enable any of this stuff to work,
which can be kind of a pain.
And third, HTTP/3, is so new that,
stuff doesn't even work.
Curl cannot make an HTTP/3 request,
it doesn't know how to do it.
There's a fork of it that you can download
called, Curl3, that'll let you do it, but
the overhead of just dealing in
HTTP/3 is just a little higher.
So generally, locally, you don't wanna
do it, you wanna push all this stuff
into operations, into your servers,
and let that handle it, which is what
we're going to demo now, because I've
already set all of this stuff up.
So now if I go to
eu.devstickers.shop port 3000 and
reload this thing, I should see
that my document came down with,
in this case, it shows, G-zip compression.
I hope that they're both on and
that I didn't screw that up,
let's just check, true.
Okay, it was just randomly
chose a protocol.
So that's fine.
So I have already taken this site, and
I've put it behind a proxy server
that will do HTTP/3 for me.
So I used a tool called Caddy, which isn't
important for you guys to understand at
all, but I just wanna give Caddy a shout
out, Cuz Caddy is awesome, it's like one
of my favorite pieces of technology that's
happened in the last five years or so.
Is just the easiest HTTP front end ever
that automatically gets certificates and
serves protocols and
stuff like that, and it's free and
open source and it's just really cool,
I used Caddy for this.
So this same site here,
@eudev.stickers.shop,
is proxied behind
caddy@eu.devstickers.shop, so
HPS on the regular port.
So I'm going to now switch to that, and
reload our page with all the same things.
And what you'll see here,
is that it makes this initial request
to eu.devstickers.shop using the protocol,
HTTP/2.
And it does that because it, it knows
just by default, it tries that over HTPS,
it negotiates whether or not that's
happening kinda under the covers.
But one of the things that come
back from the response is this,
Alt service header, Alt-Svc that says,
hey, you know what?
I can also talk over HTTP/3,
H3 on this port, by the way.
And so for all the remaining connections,
it switches,
and the remaining connections
are all H3 connections and
streamed over that UDP connection.
Now, what impact does this actually make?
What's the significance of this?
So if I go in here and I turn on all of
the same performance profiling problems
on, eu.devstickers.shop, and I load
this up, now, this all we've done so
far is, we've enabled compression and
we're behind HTTP/3.
>> Todd Gardner: We've already
sped things up a bunch, so
we're down to TTFB @ 1.1 seconds,
which I guess we're at 1.1 seconds.
We haven't made that big of improvement.
The internet's random.
What we did do is all of these
different requests here are streaming
out as a response,
rather than just 1z 2z happening.
And we can see that happening
with this HTTP/3 protocol,
happening here at the much
smaller response body.